	Number 1:

It’s early Saturday in Dubai.  We are awake but adjusting to the twelve hour time shift. We are staying out in the Jumera Beach neighborhood which is like Las Vegas, Downtown Disney, and Miami Beach rolled together. We spent our first day (Thursday) taking a very long walk around the beach neighborhood and then a very long transit ride into old Dubai and an organized tour of the old soul.  Yesterday , we kept it quiet.  Today will be a ride on the boat transit to see the water sites.  Tomorrow off to Abu Dhabi!  (Super Bowl will be early Monday morning here.  Still not sure how I will watch/listen to it.  But, I will be wearing the hat.). XOXO.jim greenfield:	Number 2: (All the photos to follow. Most are copies of photos Mom already sent)

Sunday morning and we are packing up to head to Abu Dhabi by taxi in about an hour.  Pics are from yesterday’s boat ride out to the “palm” and back and then at the Dubai Mall and Berg Khalifa, the biggest mall and tallest building in the world respectively.  The extent of and care given in conceiving of and executing these master planned developments is truly astonishing and while gross philosophically well worth seeing. In Abu Dhabi this afternoon we plan to tour the Louvre spinoff museum (no kidding, they have one) and then wait for Super Bowl a place to watch there which we still need to find.  Monday we leave Abu Dhabi for some desert glamping at Al Maha resort and then back to Dubai to meet up with the Oman tour group.  XOXO


Number 3:

Good morning from Al Maha Desert Conservation Reserve in Dubai.  We arrived here yesterday afternoon after a long ride from Abu Dhabi, basking in Super Bowl glory (sorry Spencer).  This is an extraordinary place.  About 250 acres of undisturbed and now curated desert habitat with high end luxury “glamping” accommodations, each with a private plunge pool. Some sheik created it about 30 years ago after visiting something similar in South Africa. It is teaming with gazelles, ibix, orbix, scores of birds and reptiles.  No significant predators remain, unfortunately.  We are going on a birding tour this morning and then back to urban Dubai to meet up with the Oman tour group. XOXO.Number 4: 

Good morning from Salalah, Oman.  Our adventure continues. Salalah is on the south coast of Oman and is Oman’s second city. Yesterday we toured the central mosque (of course), archeological sites and the main museum, and the coast.  Our van driver unexpectedly invited our group to his camel “farm”, which is on airport land just outside the fence.  Susan milked a camel and we drank it (I kid you not).  Today it’s off to the Salalah mountains in 4-Wheelers!   More to follow. XOXONumber 5:

Good morning from Salalah, Oman.  Our adventure continues. Salalah is on the south coast of Oman and is Oman’s second city. Yesterday we toured the central mosque (of course), archeological sites and the main museum, and the coast.  Our van driver unexpectedly invited our group to his camel “farm”, which is on airport land just outside the fence.  Susan milked a camel and we drank it (I kid you not).  Today it’s off to the Salalah mountains in 4-Wheelers!   More to follow. XOXONumber 6:

Good morning from Muscat.  We arrived two days ago from Salalah and leave this morning for a couple of days in the desert.  Oman is beautiful ancient and modernizing all at the same time. Photos are of the mountains outside Salalah, of ruins of an ancient city that was the center of the world’s frankincense trade, the Sultans Palace in Muscat, a cat family in the Muscat souk, an island where we boated out to snorkel, and of the hotel’s Ramadan decorations.  Wow, we are having a blast.  Lots of stories to tell when we return.  XOXO

Number 7:

Hello from Jebel Akhdar, 6000 feet up in the Omani mountain.  This will our third night, leaving tomorrow morning for a couple more nights in Muscat. Here we are in a lux hotel perched above a spectacular Grand Canyon.  We have been touring the historic sites down in the valley, taking long hikes in the mountains and hanging out.  Super interesting and fun. ❤️❤️❤️